python python/getTrendData.py L1:LSC-POP_A_LF_OUTPUT.mean,m-trend data/LSC-POP_A_LF_OUTPUT.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:LSC-POP_A_LF_NORM_MON.mean,m-trend data/LSC-POP_A_LF_NORM_MON.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_1_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_1_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_1_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_1_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_2_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_2_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_2_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_2_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_3_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_3_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_3_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_3_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_4_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_4_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_4_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_4_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_1_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_1_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_1_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_1_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_2_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_2_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_2_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_2_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_3_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_3_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_3_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_3_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_4_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_4_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_4_VOLTS.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_4_VOLTS.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_1_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_1_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_1_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_1_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_2_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_2_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_2_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_2_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_3_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_3_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_3_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_3_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_4_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMX_BAFFLEPD_4_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_4_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ITMY_BAFFLEPD_4_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_1_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_1_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_1_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_1_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_2_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_2_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_2_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_2_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_3_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_3_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_3_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_3_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_4_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMX_BAFFLEPD_4_GAIN.dat
python python/getTrendData.py L1:AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_4_GAIN.mean,m-trend data/AOS-ETMY_BAFFLEPD_4_GAIN.dat
